Installed Extensions
Always Show Workspace Thumbnails by AlynxZhou
Always show workspace thumbnails even there is only one workspace.

Application Volume Mixer by mymindstorm
Control volume output per-application

Applications Menu by fmuellner
Add a category-based menu for applications.

Arrange Windows by sun_wang
Arrange windows on the monitors

Background Logo
System extension
Overlay a tasteful logo on the background to enhance the user experience

BackSlide by p91paul
Automatic background-image (wallpaper) slideshow for Gnome Shell

Bluetooth Quick Connect by bjarosze
Allow to connect to paired devices from gnome control panel.

Caffeine by eon
Disable the screensaver and auto suspend

Clipboard Indicator by Tudmotu
Clipboard Manager extension for Gnome-Shell - Adds a clipboard indicator to the top panel, and caches clipboard history.

Dash to Dock for COSMIC by halfmexican2
A Dash to Dock fork for the COSMIC/GNOME Shell, fixes conflict with Cosmic Workspace. It prevents Cosmic Workspaces from breaking after suspend.

Extension List by grroot
Simple GNOME Shell extension manager in the top panel

GSConnect by dlandau
System extension
GSConnect is a complete implementation of KDE Connect especially for GNOME Shell with Nautilus, Chrome and Firefox integration. It does not rely on the KDE Connect desktop application and will not work with it installed.

gTile by scherepanov
Tile windows on a grid.

Hue Lights by chlumskyvaclav
This extension controls Philips Hue compatible lights using Philips Hue Bridge on your local network, it also allows controlling Philips Hue Sync Box. If you are experiencing an error on the upgrade, please log out and log in again.

Just Perfection by JustPerfection
Tweak Tool to Customize GNOME Shell, Change the Behavior and Disable UI Elements

Launch new instance by fmuellner
Always launch a new instance when clicking in the dash or the application view.

Mullvad Indicator by Pobega
Mullvad connection status indicator

Native Window Placement by fmuellner
Arrange windows in overview in a more compact way.

OpenWeather by skrewball
Display weather information for any location on Earth in the GNOME Shell

Places Status Indicator by fmuellner
System extension
Add a menu for quickly navigating places in the system.

Removable Drive Menu by fmuellner
A status menu for accessing and unmounting removable devices.

Screenshot Window Sizer by fmuellner
Resize windows for GNOME Software screenshots

Sound Input & Output Device Chooser by kgshank
Shows a list of sound output and input devices (similar to gnome sound settings) in the status menu below the volume slider. Various active ports like HDMI , Speakers etc. of the same device are also displayed for selection. V20+ needs python as dependency. If you want to continue with the old method without Python, use options to switch off New Port identification. But it works with only English

Tiling Assistant by Leleat
Expand GNOME's 2 column tiling and add a Windows-snap-assist-inspired popup...

Tray Icons: Reloaded by MartinPL
Tray Icons Reloaded is a GNOME Shell extension which bring back Tray Icons to top panel, with additional features.

User Themes by fmuellner
System extension
Load shell themes from user directory.

Vertical overview by Ralthuis
Bringing back vertically stacked workspaces

WG Indicator by sync1211
A status indicator for Wireguard connections.

Window List by fmuellner
System extension
Display a window list at the bottom of the screen.

Workspace Indicator by fmuellner
Put an indicator on the panel signaling in which workspace you are, and give you the possibility of switching to another one.
